http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms189660.aspx

The purpose of the SQL Server Import and Export Wizard is to copy data from a source to a destination. The wizard can also create a destination database and destination tables for you. However, if you have to copy multiple databases or tables, or other kinds of database objects, you should use the Copy Database Wizard instead. For more information, see Use the Copy Database Wizard.

Options
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Source
Identifies the selected source table, view, or query.

Destination
Identifies the selected destination table, view, or query.

Create destination table/file
Specify whether to create the destination table if it does not already exist.

Delete rows in destination table/file
Specify whether to clear the data from an existing table before loading new data.

Append rows to destination table/file
Specify whether to append the new data to the data already present in an existing table.

Edit SQL
Use the default statement in the Create Table SQL Statement dialog box, or modify it for your purposes. If you modify this statement, you must also make associated changes to table mapping.

Drop and re-create destination table
Choose this option to overwrite the destination table. This option is only available when you use the wizard to create the destination table. The destination table is only dropped and re-created if you save the package that the wizard creates, and then run the package again.

Enable identity insert
Choose this option to allow existing identity values in the source data to be inserted into an identity column in the destination table. By default, the destination identity column does not allow this.

Mappings
Displays how each column in the data source maps to a column in the destination.

This list has the following columns:

Source
View each source column for which you can set transformation parameters. 

Destination
Specify whether you want to ignore a column during the copy operation. You can copy only a subset of columns by selecting <ignore> in this column for columns that you want to skip. Before you map columns, you must ignore all columns that will not be mapped. 

Type
Select a data type for the column. 

Nullable
Specify whether a column will allow a null value. 

Size
Specify the number of characters in the column. 

Precision
Specify the precision of displayed data, referring to the number of digits. 

Scale
Specify the scale of displayed data, referring to the number of decimal places. 
